Heathcliff - Geosocial Networking Online Animal Rescue and Rehoming Mobile Application

Readme File

INSTALLING THE APPLICATION USING THE APK FILE

1. - Download the APK file using the download link on Moodle. Its file name is app-debug.APK
2. - Transfer the APK file to an Android Smart phone device (if it isn't already on one)
3. - Open the APK file on your Android Smart Device
4. - Your device will display a message informing you that for security reasons you are not allowed to install apps from an unknown source
5. - Navigate to your devices settings panel
6. - Navigate to the Security panel
7. - Choose "Special Access"
8. - Select "Install Unknown Apps"
9. - Navigate to the app-debug.APK file and select it
10. - Toggle the "Allow from this source" option to install Heathcliff.
11. - You may now run the application from your home screen


RUNNING THE APPLICATION THROUGH THE ANDROID STUDIO IDE

1. - Install Android Studio on your desktop or laptop (https://developer.android.com/studio/install)
2. - Download the K00215002 - Heathcliff - Final.zip File
3. - Extract the project folder named "Heathcliff" to your desktop
4. - Run Android Studio on your desktop
5. - When prompted to select a project to open navigate to the "Heathcliff" folder you previously extracted
6. - Android Studio will now open the project
7. - Allow Android Studio to download any necessary gradle scripts
8. - Plug in your physical Android smart device to your computer or use Android Studios virtual device tab to install a virtual Android device
9. - Select your device at the top of Android Studio and press the "run app" button
10. - Android Studio will install the application on your selected device and automatically run it






USER ACCOUNTS FOR TESTING
	
ADMIN USER:
Username - HeathcliffStaff@mail.com
Password - AdminPass

SHELTER USER:
Username - nasayad790@svcache.com
Password - password

ADOPTER USERS:
Username - jebego8768@jo6s.com
Password - password

Username - vewoxa1017@vapaka.com
Password - password

Username - xahop96583@nitynote.com
Password - password12

Additional users can be created using the applicatio normally.
 Users can be made into shelter users by creating a shelter request on the landing page and having the admin user approve the request